Certificate manager tab fixes (#445)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-cellularmonitor: Changelog.md

## 2.4.3 - unreleased

### Fixed

-   Issues with the UI layout in the **Certificate Manager** tab.

> -   Issue with editing the security tag in the **Certificate Manager** tab, which would cause the form to freeze when a non-numeric value was passed.

Author: ```suggestion
-   Issue with editing the security tag in the **Certificate Manager** tab, which would cause the input to become uneditable when a non-numeric value was passed.
```
